I know a lot of people hate remakes and
trust me I'm with you but I kinda gotta
give this new Jumanji movie a jr. price
let me explain we all love that old
Jumanji movie even though I don't know
how many of us have actually rewatched
it because it's one of those childhood
movies that you remember being flawless
but just like the outfit you are growing
up you reflect back on them as you see
them in pictures once you're an adult
and you go what the fast forward to the
present and everything's got to be
rebooted to be bigger louder and
obviously started doing the rock Johnson
so right off the bat we begin this one
in 1996 where a father comes across the
board game on the beach which is exactly
where we left him in the last one he
takes it home for his kid and the kid
goes so Jumanji then decides to pull a
bumblebee and transforms itself into a
Sega Genesis for the kid to play and
then get sucked into so this game is
practically human trafficking we
fast-forward to the present and we see
the naked brother who's been getting
more roles and well he's playing the
same role he continues to get cast in
homies such a germaphobe that he's
putting on Purell on his neck to fight
off diseases he dresses up like Georgie
from it's and he's doing homework for
people who he thinks are his friends but
really they're just using him cyborgs
over here is that athlete friend who's
using him and eventually they both get
caught cheating and they both get sent
to detention alongside with the person
who old people think is the example of a
millennial and the nerdy chick who
didn't want to play with balls before
they turned into The Breakfast Club they
end up finding the game system they roll
in one of those sex ed TVs and boot up
that bad boy all of a sudden that thx
sound that you hated growing up before
in movies
starts filling up the room and these
dudes get sucked into the game on the
other side you get the cast that's
actually gonna get the poster credits
and the ones who pull in my opinion what
are the best versions of Freaky Friday
since 17 again they realize that they've
all swapped roles and are in a video
game cutscenes and all where they need
to retrieve this Emerald dragon ball and
return it to the top of this wakandan
mountain but then one of them dies after
a game of Hungry Hungry Hippos it's
because of that that they learned that
the marks on their hands are actually
lives and that in order to get out of
this world they need to maintain them or
else they're just going to disintegrate
and never make it back to real life so
in this world
black lives do matter they survive long
enough to meet up with Nick Jonas who
surprised is the kid from the beginning
who's been stuck in this game for two
decades
he's even living in that Shack that
Robin Williams was living in in the
first one and he hasn't risk trying to
move on in this game since he only has
one life left so the moment that he
meets these people he ends up losing
that one life
Bethany however uses a cheat code and
gives him one of her lives and tells him
to call her by his name at this part in
the movie all of the characters have
learned to rethink their attributes
Spencer finally finds confidence in
himself to be a leader fridge finally
learns how to work with other people
Bethany won't ever complain again after
having to live in Jack Black's body and
Martha learns to interact better with
others as she works her ddr moves in
order to help get to the next level they
end up facing Mad Max bikers Indiana
Jones snakes PlayStation 2 graphics and
eventually defeat evil Bobby Carnevale
as they get the stone to the top of
Pride Rock but then they forget to yell
out uno
once I yelled Jumanji they officially
win the game and nigel thornbury over
here shows up to congratulate them and
send them back to the real world and at
this point spencer starts doubting that
he'll be as confident since he won't be
able to have the muscles he won't be
able to have that smolder and they just
won't respect him the same in the real
world but Martha looks at him straight
in the face and reminds him that they
need to go back because they have finals
they jump back to reality and oh they
haven't even finished theirs attention
work but they rush to go see Alex in the
real world and well he looks nothing
like what we thought Nick Jonas would
look like older he's older he has a
family so they decide to move on they
become friends in real life they get
jiggy in real life and smashed the game
system so they never have to deal with
it again except this movie made banks so
we're definitely gonna see it again
thank you guys for watching let me know
what you thought about this movie did
you like it better than the first one
did you think that this is an actual
good video game movie even though it's
not really based off of a video game but
I'm curious on your thoughts on what
other movies or TV shows that you want
me to cover and explain and break down
in the future
Oh anything dealing with movies or TV
just let me know down below in the
comment section and remember to comment
and subscribe leave a like and you will
be entered to get your very own board
game that comes to life a Ouija board